Updates Based on User Feedback (#76)
bcgov/public-cloud-techdocs: docs/azure/understanding-your-bill/azure-billing-and-cost-management.md

## Analyze cost drivers

> Azure Cost Management helps you understand what's driving your costs. You can see which services are costing you the most money and which resources you are using the most, using [cost reporting and analytics](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cost-management-billing/costs/reporting-get-started).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Cost Management shows what's driving your costs. It helps you identify your most expensive services and most used resources through[cost reporting and analytics](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cost-management-billing/costs/reporting-get-started).
```

Author: @Pilargit12 can you add a space after "through" and before the "[]' link?
